November update (#270)
AdobeDocs/graphql-mesh-gateway: src/pages/mesh/basic/create-mesh.md

<InlineAlert variant="warning" slots="text"/>

> Edge meshes do not currently support SOAP handlers. If you need to use these features, you must use a legacy mesh. These features will be available in edge meshes in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edge meshes do not currently support SOAP handlers. If you need to use this feature, you must use a legacy mesh. SOAP handler support will be available in edge meshes in the future.
```

> Edge meshes do not currently support SOAP handlers. If you need to use this feature, you must use a legacy mesh. SOAP handler support will be available in edge meshes in the future.

Reviewer 2: I believe we're actually removing SOAP handler support entirely on edge mesh. Not sure what message to convey here.
